You deleted me.
Su Tang is the person you want to marry, right?
Is Miss Qin talking about me?
Ah forgot to introduce
I am a new girlfriend
You call him uncle
Maybe you'll have to call me aunt in the future
Really?
Then I wish you happiness
Why do you say so?
I just can't stand it when someone is clearly in disaster
Still don't admit
So
I want to see how long you can be stubborn
You don't have to worry about me.
You don't take a pen.
So sloppy, thank you uncle, I'll go in first
Winning again
Uncle, can you give this to me?
uncle
I hope you have been so kind to me all my life
Why did you lie to me?
You obviously have someone you like, why didn't you tell me?
What are you throwing a tantrum about?
Did I lose my temper?
Obviously you are hanging me
Qin Luo, have you been drinking again?
Said I lost my temper
Gu Sijun
Did you really think I said I liked you?
I will love you for the rest of my life.
I didn't make you like me.
A lifetime is so long
I can't like you alone.
Then don't like it
Gu Sixuan
Do you know that I'm really losing it?
Come here, the bride comes closer to the groom, yes
That's it.
We got married.
Miss Qin, we will get married on the 10th of next month.
You must come to participate